CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_
series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1.  Fork and clone the repo
2.  Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3.  Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `master` branch pointing at the original repository and make
> pull requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/kentcdodds/jest-cypress-react-babel-webpack.git
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/master master
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream," Then
> fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `master`
> branch to use the upstream master branch whenever you run `git pull`. Then you
> can make all of your pull request branches based on this `master` branch.
> Whenever you want to update your version of `master`, do a regular `git pull`.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

[egghead]:
  https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[issues]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/jest-cypress-react-babel-webpack/issues

Commit message:

Rename master to main in contributing.md (#44)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_
series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1.  Fork and clone the repo
2.  Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3.  Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `main` branch pointing at the original repository and make pull
> requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/kentcdodds/jest-cypress-react-babel-webpack.git
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/main main
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream," Then
> fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `main` branch
> to use the upstream main branch whenever you run `git pull`. Then you can make
> all of your pull request branches based on this `main` branch. Whenever you
> want to update your version of `main`, do a regular `git pull`.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

[egghead]:
  https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[issues]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/jest-cypress-react-babel-webpack/issues
